Rename Gradle Enterprise to Develocity (#9)
gradle/gradle-enterprise-gitlab-templates: README.md

## Configuration
### Gradle Auto-instrumentation
Include the remote template and optionally pass inputs.
To enable Build Scan publishing for Gradle builds, the configuration would look something like presented below (using https://gradle-enterprise.mycompany.com/ as an example of Develocity server URL.

```yml
include:
  - remote: 'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gradle/develocity-gitlab-templates/1.1.0/develocity-gradle.yml'
    inputs:
      url: https://develocity.mycompany.com

build-gradle-job:
  stage: build
  before_script:
    - !reference [.injectDevelocityForGradle]
  script:
    - ./gradlew check -I $DEVELOCITY_INIT_SCRIPT_PATH # Will publish a build scan to https://develocity.mycompany.com
```

> The `.injectDevelocityForGradle` creates an init script with the instrumentation logic and exports the path as `$GRADLE_ENTERPRISE_INIT_SCRIPT_PATH` environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `.injectDevelocityForGradle` creates an init script with the instrumentation logic and exports the path as `$DEVELOCITY_INIT_SCRIPT_PATH` environment variable.
```

Author: Done
